v1.3.0 change log update (#350)
terraform-redhat/terraform-provider-rhcs: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.3.0 (Sep 27, 2023)
FEATURES:

> * Private cluster - add new variable "private" indicates if the cluster has private connection

Reviewer: Bee specific 
```suggestion
* Private cluster - add a new attribute "private" to `rhcs_cluster_rosa_classic` resource which indicates if the cluster has a private connection
```

> * Add support for creating cluster with pre-defined shared VPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shared VPC - add support for creating cluster using `rhcs_cluster_rosa_classic` resource with pre-defined shared VPC
```

> * Added new "rhcs_dns_domain" resource to allow reserving base domain before cluster creation.

Reviewer: It's not a feature, it's an enhancement

> * Support resources reconciliation - if a resource was removed without the use of the Terraform provider, executing "terraform apply" should prompt its recreation.

Reviewer: This is not a feature, it's an enhancement

* Htpasswd identity provider - allow creating with multiple users

> * Support MachinePool import into the terraform state

Reviewer: It's not a feature, it's an enhancement

ENHANCEMENTS:
* Bug fixes
  * Adding http tokens default to terraform state in case its not returned

>   * Terraform run or import failing after configuring 'additional-trust-bundle-file'

Reviewer: Attach the issue link
